Add doc on payload control options (#362)
mavlink/mavlink-devguide: en/services/payload.md

In addition there are commands for [payload placement in missions](#payload-deployment-commands).

> **Note** [Camera](camera.md) and [Gimbal](gimbal_v2.md) payloads are covered in their own topics.

## Payload-Specific Commands

MAVLink defines a number of commands for controlling specific _types_ of payload hardware, including: winches, grippers, spotlights, etc.
These commands may be used in both [missions](../services/mission.md) and [commands](services/command.md), if supported by the target system.

They should be used (where supported) in preference to [arbitrary payload commands](#arbitraryunknown-payload-commands), as generally they provide more "tailored" control over the payload, a better GCS user experience, and more informative logs.

Message | Description
-- | --
<a id="MAV_CMD_DO_GRIPPER"></a>[MAV_CMD_DO_GRIPPER](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_DO_GRIPPER) | Command to engage and release a gripper.
<a id="MAV_CMD_DO_WINCH"></a>[MAV_CMD_DO_WINCH](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_DO_WINCH) | Command to operate a specified winch.

> <a id="MAV_CMD_ILLUMINATOR_ON_OFF"></a>[MAV_CMD_ILLUMINATOR_ON_OFF](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_ILLUMINATOR_ON_OFF) | Command to turn illuminators ON/OFF. An illuminator is a light source that for lighting up dark areas external to the sytstem, such as a torch or searchlight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="MAV_CMD_ILLUMINATOR_ON_OFF"></a>[MAV_CMD_ILLUMINATOR_ON_OFF](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_ILLUMINATOR_ON_OFF) | Command to turn illuminators ON/OFF. An illuminator is a light source that for lighting up dark areas external to the system, such as a headlight or searchlight.
```

## Generic Payload Commands

MAVLink has a number of commands for setting actuator outputs.
These can be used to control arbitrary/generic payloads.

> **Tip** Use the [commands for known payload types](#payload-specific-commands) where possible as they are more intuitive for users, and in logs.

Message | Description
-- | --
<a id="MAV_CMD_DO_SET_ACTUATOR"></a>[MAV_CMD_DO_SET_ACTUATOR](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_DO_SET_ACTUATOR) | Sets actuators (e.g. servos) to a desired value. The actuator numbers are mapped to specific outputs (e.g. on any MAIN or AUX PWM or UAVCAN) using a flight-stack specific mechanism (for example, parameters).
<a id="MAV_CMD_DO_SET_SERVO"></a>[MAV_CMD_DO_SET_SERVO](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_DO_SET_SERVO) | Sets a servo, identified by a specified instance number, to a specified PWM value.
<a id="MAV_CMD_DO_SET_RELAY"></a>[MAV_CMD_DO_SET_RELAY](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_DO_SET_RELAY) | Set a specified relay instance on or off.

> <a id="MAV_CMD_DO_REPEAT_RELAY"></a>[MAV_CMD_DO_REPEAT_RELAY](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_DO_REPEAT_RELAY) | SCycle a relay on and off for a desired number of cycles with a desired period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="MAV_CMD_DO_REPEAT_RELAY"></a>[MAV_CMD_DO_REPEAT_RELAY](../messages/common.md#MAV_CMD_DO_REPEAT_RELAY) | Cycle a relay on and off for a desired number of cycles with a desired period.
```

> **Note** **Implementations:**
  - `MAV_CMD_DO_SET_ACTUATOR` is more recent than `MAV_CMD_DO_SET_SERVO`, but has not yet been widely adopted.

>   - `MAV_CMD_DO_SET_SERVO` is impemented on both ArduPilot and PX4.

Reviewer: Only as part of missions for PX4 from what I can see.
